df/ReadmeUpdate (#169)
Esri/arcgis-runtime-toolkit-ios: README.md

Note: The manual installation method also allows you to use a local installation ArcGIS Runtime SDK for iOS by making
minor edits to the [swift package](Package.swift).

## Configure API Key

> Some of the Toolkit components and examples utilize ArcGIS Platform location services and therefore require an API Key to be set in `AppDelegate.swift`. Please see the [setup guide](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/get-started/#3-access-services-and-content-with-an-api-key) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some of the toolkit components and examples utilize a set of ready-to-use ArcGIS Platform services, including basemaps, and therefore require an API Key to be set in `AppDelegate.swift`. Please see the [setup guide](https://developers.arcgis.com/ios/get-started/#3-access-services-and-content-with-an-api-key) for more information.
```
